In this video, we're going to get started working on our query service.
So remember the goal of this service.
We want to have one service that we can make a request to, to get a full listing of all the different
posts and their associated comments.
The one request, all the data we need to actually implement this thing.
We're going to give it to different route handlers.
One route handler is going to receive events from our event bus.
Our query service is going to care about events of type post created and common created.
Whenever it sees these events, it's going to take the data contained inside the event itself and then
assemble it all into some very easy to access data structure.
The second endpoint that we're going to implement is going to have a handler for watching a request
to slash posts.
Any time someone makes a get request to that endpoint, we're going to send back a full listing of all
posts and related comments.
So let's get started working on our query service right now.
To begin, I'm going to open up yet another terminal window.
Here's my new window right here.
I'm going to change back into our root blog directory.
That's where all of our services live right now.
And inside there, I'll make a new folder that will call Blue Query.
I'll then change into that directory and I'm going to generate a package json file using npm init.
Why?
After I generate that file, we'll then go ahead and install two dependencies.
All we need for this service is express and course the query service itself is not going to actually
emit any events and that's why we are not installing Axios.
I know ahead of time that the query service is not going to emit any events, but if you were working
on this from scratch and if you were unsure about whether or not this thing was going to emit any events,
you would go ahead and install Axios until you were sure that, okay, I don't actually need to emit
any events and then you can remove that dependency.
So go ahead and do that installation.
I'll then go back over to my editor.
And I should see that new query directory.
So let's start to build this express application out.
Inside of that directory, I'll make a new file called Index Dogs.
And then at the top.
Let's go ahead.
We're going to require an express body parser and that course module as well.
They'll get express.
I'll get body parser.
And I'll get horse.
I'll then create my new Express app.
And I will wire up the body parser.
And I will wire up course.
Okay.
So that looks good.
So now we're going to put together our two route handlers.
Remember, the two that we want are for a get two slash posts and a post to slash events.
They'll do agate posts.
And then put it in our rec and rez.
And right now I'll just leave that empty.
And then the next one will be post to slash events.
So this is of course, the endpoint that is going to receive events from our event bus.
Then finally at the very bottom, let's go ahead and set up that app.
Listen.
Call.
They'll do an app.
Listen.
And remember, at present we are using a couple of different ports.
We've got ports, 4000, 4001 and 4002, I think now just 4000 or 4001.
So this one will be at 4002.
And we'll put in our callback.
Inside of here.
We'll do a console.log listing on 4002.
Before we start to worry about any implementation here just yet, let's make sure we can actually run
this project.
So I'm going to save this file.
I'll go back over to package JSON and we'll set up a startup script.
That's what we forgot.
On dependencies, we forgot to get node one.
I'll go and install that really quickly as well.
So back over my terminal.
I'll do an NPM installed node mod.
And then once that is installed, we can update that start script.
So start the node one index dot js.
Let's just run this project really quickly to make sure we don't have any typos or anything like that.
So at my terminal and the window that is running our query service, we'll do an NPM start.
And there we go.
Let's stay on 4002.
Well, now that we've got all this boilerplate put together, we can start worrying about the actual
implementation of the post event's endpoint and get post as well.
We'll do a quick break first and then start to worry about those two endpoints in just a moment.